Welcome to Bayit+ Widgets
Widgets are floating windows that enhance your viewing experience
Watch live channels in Picture-in-Picture mode
Access custom content in resizable windows
Drag widgets anywhere on your screen
Resize widgets to fit your preferences
Create personal widgets with your favorite content
Add system widgets curated by Bayit+
Widgets work seamlessly on all devices
Customize your viewing experience like never before
Hide or show widgets with a single click
Widgets persist across sessions
Discover the power of floating content windows
Start creating your personalized widget experience today